 1. A pharmaceutical composition of an anti-IL-12/IL-23p40 antibody, comprising:
a. an antibody comprising: (i) a heavy chain variable region and a light chain variable region, the heavy chain variable region comprising: a complementarity determining region heavy chain 1 (CDRH1) amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:1; a CDRH2 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:2; and a CDRH3 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:3; and the light chain variable region comprising: a complementarity determining region light chain 1 (CDRL1) amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:4; a CDRL2 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:5; and a CDRL3 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:6; (ii) a heavy chain variable region of the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:7 and a light chain variable region of the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:8; or (iii) a heavy chain of the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:10 and a light chain of the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:11; and b. packaging comprising one or more drug product label elements disclosed in Annex A including data from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical study in pediatric patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. 
 2. The composition of claim 1, wherein the clinical study is in pediatric patient from 6 years to less than 12 years old for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy.
 3. The composition of claim 1, wherein the antibody is for subcutaneous administration to the pediatric patient.
 4. A method of selling a drug product comprising ustekinumab, comprising: manufacturing ustekinumab; promoting that a therapy comprising ustekinumab is safe and effective for treatment of a pediatric patients from 6 years to less than 12 years old with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy, wherein performing the steps a) and b) results in a health care professional (HCP) to purchase the drug product; thereby selling the drug product.
 5. A method of treating moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in a pediatric patient, the method comprising subcutaneously administering to the pediatric patient a safe and effective amount of an anti-IL-12/IL-23p40 antibody, wherein the antibody comprises a heavy chain variable region comprising: (i) a heavy chain variable region comprising a complementarity determining region heavy chain 1 (CDRH1) amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:1, a CDRH2 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:2, and a CDRH3 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:3, and a light chain variable region comprising a complementarity determining region light chain 1 (CDRL1) amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:4, a CDRL2 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:5, and a CDRL3 amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:6, (ii) a heavy chain variable region having the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:7 and a light chain variable region having the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:8, or (iii) a heavy chain having the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:10 and a light chain having the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO:11, wherein the safe and effective amount of the anti-IL-12/IL-23p40 antibody is:
1) about 0.5 mg/kg to 1.0 mg/kg, preferably 0.75 mg/kg, body weight of the pediatric patient, per administration, if the pediatric patient has a body weight less than 60 kg at the time of the administration; 2) about 35 mg to 55 mg, preferably about 45 mg, per administration, if the pediatric patient has a body weight of 60 kg to 100 kg at the time of the administration; or 3) about 80 mg to 100 mg, preferably 90 mg, per administration, if the pediatric patient has a body weight of more than 100 kg at the time of the administration. 
